https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wYuP1QFZ0Bg

Transcript:
(00:00) I gave Claude one instruction to make as much money as possible using trading bots. This was attempt one and this was attempt one five. The same AI, the same market that he actually chose, and zero help from me. And honestly, this is the same problem we've been coming across a lot inside of my school community.
(00:21) Building strategies is easy, finding generally ones that hold up is a lot harder. So, let's go and see how it got from this to this. And what we're actually going to be looking at in today's video. So, let's get straight over to my computer. So, for today's video, we're going to be using Claude AI.
(00:40) I already have it installed. I hope you have the desktop version. We're going to be using Claude code here. And for this to work, we are going to have to install one single tool. The tool is tradingkit.com. Claude by itself cannot backtest trading strategies. But, by giving it an MCP server, so it has the tools to be able to backtest, it can actually write code for TradingView and backtest those results without even having to touch a TradingView account.
(01:09) What's cool about this is this is a community of people building strategies together, and they have backtested over 647,000 strategies. When you log in, you just click on my account up here, and you copy this code over to Claude and say, "Hey there, buddy. Can you install this globally for me?" This tool will give your AI superpowers so they can actually backtest strategies and help you to actually understand the data behind the strategies that you probably find on on places like YouTube.
(01:37) Okay, so I have already got everything in stored. I'm just literally now going to ask Claude to go away and make as much for money as possible. Hey there, buddy. You have one mission today, and that is to make as much money as possible using trading bots. And boom, its mission is ready. I'm not going to help it in the slightest.
(01:56) So, going to leave it in the background to go away and build this strategy. Okay, so it's actually started already looking through its own knowledge and our previous interactions together. It's decided that it's going to look for the most profitable bot in our memory and try and improve on that. Makes sense. I guess it's already done quite a lot of work in that background and it's going to look through these strategies on Trader Dev to find to see if it can find something that it can improve there.
(02:24) It did ask itself one question and that's what market would actually use and it has decided to use a crypto as its market, not for the reason that most people would think, but because crypto markets are 24/7, so you have candle data for 24/7 and because the inefficiencies in this market are easy to make the most amount of profit.
(02:43) So, it has gone away and it has started to look for profitable strategies on this market. Now, hopefully because it's been optimizing strategies with me for around 2 years now that it's actually acquired enough knowledge in the AI brain to actually properly optimize these strategies and use in and out of sample testing.
(03:03) Otherwise, we're going to end up with something that we have overfit to historical data and most probably useless when we put it on real markets. So, I'm going to wait a couple of minutes and then I'll be back with its first backtest results and hopefully it's come up with something great. Okay, so we've been backtesting for quite a while now and as you can see, Claude has backtested a huge, huge amount of strategies and I've added them already to my TradingView a chart.
(03:31) The first one kind of surprised me because it was a mess. Let's go and have a look. Okay, so I've added the code to our TradingView account. The first one was on Ethereum, the 1-hour time frame. Drumroll, please. Boom! As you can see, this is absolutely insane as a strategy. Before I go any further, I I not believe in a second that this is possible.
(03:54) There is something completely wrong with this code. So, we got a strategy that had 2 million percent and only a max a drawdown of 8%. Now, if this was possible, I would give up absolutely everything and just trade this. It's ridiculous. Trade it for a day and you're rich the next day. A profit factor of 11%, which is absolutely insane.
(04:16) Let's have a look at the entries on the chart. As you can see, there is tons of entries for a 1-hour time frame. But, the first thing that jumped out to me was the actual inner bar trading inside of TradingView. Now, TradingView is anomalously known for not having tick data. So, the backtest is probably very much false.
(04:37) When building a TradingView strategy, you have to take into account that you only have the open, close, high, and low data for each and every candle. You don't have every single tick of a candle, which is unfortunately one of the bad things from TradingView. But, as a algo trader, you just adapt to the data that you have.
(04:54) All of my strategies only ever trade the open of the following candle and take into account the data that we actually have available to us. Unfortunately, this one is not the case and I'm just guessing I reckon it has a trailing stop loss. Let's go and have a look at the code very quickly. As you can see, it is using the EMAs and the VWAP and an ATR.
(05:16) And yes, we are using the trailing stop loss, which is very close and that's probably why we're getting in and out. So, let's go and have a look to see if it's actually got any fees. We do have fees already included, so that's one thing that is great. Unfortunately, this is a trailing stop loss, which just for me eliminates the possibility of trading this.
(05:38) Each individual trade is very, very small and you're going to get eaten up by slippage, fees, and by the time the alerts gets over to your broker, you're probably going to be deep in water or the actual trading logic will have changed. This is something that a human being or a retail trader just could not trade and I'd be surprised even if high-frequency traders could trade this either.
(05:59) So, I think the best thing we can do is go ahead and call and tell it that this is not what we're looking for. Although, I've got to say, I did only ask it to make the most possible amount of money. So, I guess they actually did a pretty good job of there. Okay, that trading strategy that you gave me was amazing. You did accomplish the task of becoming the most possible trader in the world.
(06:17) But, unfortunately, this is not a strategy that a human or even a bot on retail could actually trade. I'd like you to actually put some real risk and management in place. Stop losses, take profits that can actually be sent to our broker. Build a real strategy, not just a flip of coin. Boom. That's going to be where I'm going to leave it for a couple of minutes and hopefully by the time I get back, we've got something a little bit better.
(06:40) Okay, guys, we have even more results. And yes, there was a another problem, but have to jump in and ask Claude to do something different. Okay, here is the second strategy. Drumroll, please. Boom. Right, okay. So, as you can see, this strategy looks pretty amazing as well. We have 58,000% which kind of rings alarm bells for me as well.
(07:06) 58,000% is a huge huge percentage and in all my time as a trader, I've never traded anything with that sort of percent. We had 183 closed trades and a profit factor of two, which is very very good. If we look at the benchmark, we absolutely destroyed the P&L. We're on BTC USDT on 1 hour, by the way. And let me just show you what went wrong.
(07:31) Max drawdown, 66.17% and this is the best day it found. 66.17%. Imagine taking your account up to 500,000 dollars and losing 66.17 percent. That would absolutely destroy anybody's brain. For me, the strategy looks a lot better. We do have a fees in place and we have used the DavidTech Bot to play for proper risk management.
(08:02) So, it is a step in the right direction, but this to me is just not tradeable by a human being. So, I went back and asked Claude and said, "Look, 66% I wouldn't want to go through, you wouldn't want to go through as a max drawdown. I need something that a human being can actually trade, which has a decent amount of profit.
(08:20) Let's stay away from the most profitable trading strategy and try and find something that's actually really tradeable." So, our final test, drumroll please. Boom! 5,622% max drawdown, 18.13%. The strategy is called AI versus DavidTech. that. That's brilliant. We have 199 closed trades and a win rate of 77%. A profit factor of 3.
(08:50) 3, which is absolutely brilliant. The benchmark absolutely was destroyed by our strategy. And if we put the buy and hold on there, you can see by buying and hold, once again, this is BTC USDT on the 2-hour time frame. We absolutely destroyed the buy and hold, which would have been 290% if you would have held it to the date.
(09:11) Now, you may have noticed that I actually did change the dates to a set of period. Now, the reason is is that I've been working with Claude for a long time, so it has actually taken my methods of actually backtesting and trying to find strategy settings on a smaller data set and then re-backtesting the whole thing on the full data set.
(09:33) What this does is it allows the strategy to see data for the backtest, but also have be blind to a set of data that we can retest on. And this will give us a more of a chance in the future of not being overfit. So, let's go and have a look at the full data set. If I press entire history just here, and boom! As you can see, the backtest is absolutely insane, 12,355%.
(09:56) The max drawdown is a lot higher at 36%, but maybe we can just reduce a position size or look at some kind of position sizing algo to reduce that max drawdown. The win rate is still roughly the same. We do have a much lower profit factor. So, these actual drawdowns do look a lot rather large, but partially because they are using the compounding effect.
(10:19) And your collateral gets much larger here, so obviously the drawdowns are a lot bigger. That's not excusing this strategy. This may need a little bit extra work, but I've got to say that I am pretty impressed by Claude. So, that was today's experiment to asking Claude to make a as much money as possible using trading bots.
(10:39) Firstly, would I actually trade this strategy? Absolutely not. I'm going to put it into a forward testing live trading environment, which allows it to be tested for even longer. I'll probably leave it for up to 3 months to see how it actually plays out, but it certainly was a good experiment. In my own trading, I've backtested over 2,000 strategies very much like this, and I'm currently trading seven.
(11:02) So, there's a lot of work behind actually building these strategies. You can get access to my strategies. There's over 400 of them directly inside of the school. Don't forget to comment down below what asset you would like me to test with Claude in the next video. The top comment I will backtest and try and find a strategy with Claude, and I will give it away for free.
(11:25) Guys, without further ado, I'm going to wish you an absolutely wonderful day. Take care, keep safe, trade like a boss, and And see you in the next one. Goodbye. Come on, >> Come on dad and [music] once again he's gone to call a new strategy. He'll be back in just five minutes. RSI [music] and MACD. If he doesn't run into any bugs, there will be a new strategy.
